#### Project Structure

## SymmetricGroup.py
A class to model a symmetric group on $n$ elements. It has a constructor that takes one argument, an integer
representing the order of the group. Additionally, it has a static method `SymmetricGroup.generate(*generators: Permutation)`
that takes a list of permutations and generates the corresponding subgroup of the symmetric group.

Also in this file is a class that represents a coset, including the operation defined on them. Thus we can find the cosets of
the symmetric group and from there define a quotient group with which we can perform computations.

## Permutation.py
A class representing a permutation object. Each permutation is implemented as a hash map with the special condition that
the set of keys is precisely the set of values. The Permutation constructor takes a single argument, a dictionary representing
the permutation. If the dictionary doesn't meet the described condition, an IllegalActionException exception is raised. The
operations of negation and composition of two permutations have both been implemented to make computations with them significantly
easier

## IllegalActionException.py
Raised when a permutation is initiated with an invalid action

## Exercise1.py
Computes the graph generated by the relation $R$. The number of connected components in the graph is precisely the size of the
quotient $S_5/\overline{R}$.

## Exercise2.py
Calculates the subgroup of $S_4$ generated by $(123)$ and $(234)$. Additionally, it computes the cosets of $A_4$ when taking
the quotient by each of its non-trivial proper subgroups.

## Exercise3.py
Defines a class FinFieldMatrix that represents a 2x2 matrix over a finite field of order n. This class is used to generate
the group $GL_2(Z/3)$ (generators for the group found at
<a href="https://people.maths.bris.ac.uk/~matyd/GroupNames/1/GL(2,3).html">GroupNames</a>. The program procedes to compute
all pairs of matrices $(A,B)$ such that $BAB=A$, since each such pair defines a valid homomorphism $x\mapsto A, y\mapsto B$.

## Exercise4.py
Generates the hom-set $Hom([6],[2])$ and defines actions on them. It then computes the set $N'=Hom([6],[2])/S_2$ followed
by $N=G\N'$.

## Exercise5.py
Computes by brute force the group $G<Sym(V)$. It then computes the set $\binom{E}{2}$ and finds all valid mappings
$\binom{E}{2}\to V$ using the algorithm described in the exercise 5 writeup.
